OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-deploy-api-data-protection-environment-variables.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-experts-deploy-api-data-protection-environment-variables_{context}"]
= Set up your environment

[role="_abstract"]
You can use environment variables to ensure consistency across the commands within this lab.

.Prerequisites
ifndef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You've created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws_classic_architecture/4/html-single/install_rosa_classic_clusters/index#rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[{product-title} cluster].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]

> * You've created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html-single/install_clusters/index#rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[{product-title} cluster].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws_classic_architecture/4/html-single/install_rosa_classic_clusters/index#rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[{product-title} cluster].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You have created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html-single/install_clusters/index#rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[{product-title} cluster].
```

To keep it parallel.
